Running a Pennsylvania personal care home or assisted
living facility means one thing is always true: the state will show up.
And when the surveyor walks in, the work isn't
the problem — finding the proof is.
Meet CareMetric CareBase — one system that
proves your facility is doing its job.
CareBase tracks every training hour, credential, clearance,
resident assessment, incident, and inspection your license requires.
It assigns the work to the right person, before it's late.
And it turns that proof into a binder you
can hand straight to the surveyor.
Pass your next survey — every Chapter 2600 and 2800 requirement
has its own due date, with evidence saved as the work gets done.
Spend less on required training — course builder, AI-assisted lessons,
and live class check-in are included, with no per-person fees.
And get your evenings back, because compliance no longer lives
in one person's head, or comes home in a bag of binders.
Priced per facility, every module included, with a 30-day
free trial — fully self-service, no phone call required.
CareMetric CareBase. Run the facility. See the risk. Prove the work.
Start your free trial today at cmcarebase.com.